The scenario involves two distinct locations, referred to as Location1 and Location2. These two locations are directly connected, allowing for movement between them.
Containers:

    There are two containers in the system:
        Container c1 is initially located in Location1, placed on the ground.
        Container c2 is also in Location1, positioned on top of c1.

Robot:

    A robot, designated as Robot r1, is initially situated in Location1.
    The robot is capable of transporting a container from one location to another. However, to do so:
        The container must be placed on top of the robot.
        The robot can only move while carrying one container at a time.
        The robot cannot move if the container it is carrying is obstructed by another container.

Cranes:

    Each location is equipped with a crane:
        The crane in Location1 operates only within that location.
        The crane in Location2 operates exclusively within Location2.
    Cranes are versatile and capable of performing the following operations:
        Moving a container from the ground to the top of another container within the same location.
        Loading a container onto the robot or unloading a container from the robot. Container could be everywhere but has to be clear
        Placing a container on the ground in the same location, so cannot place a container in a different location (e.g crane 1 is located
        in location1 so can only operate in location1 not in other).
    A crane can only manipulate a container if the container is clear, meaning there is nothing on top of it.
    When executing an action the crane is busy so it could not execute any other action till the finish of the action.

Goal:

    By the end of the operation:
        Container c2 must be relocated to Location2.
        Container c1 must remain in its original position in Location1.

This setup requires a sequence of coordinated actions involving the robot and the cranes to achieve the desired arrangement of containers.