The scenario involves 5 distinct locations, referred to as Location#, where # is the number of the location. The locations are directly connected, allowing for movement between them.

Containers:
    There are five containers in the system. 
    Each container is named as c# where # is the number of the container.
    Each container is initially in the location with the same number as the container.
      If a container has a container on top, it is not clear.

Robot:

    A robot, designated as Robot r1, is initially situated in Location1.
    The robot is capable of transporting a container from one location to another. However, to do so:
        The container must be placed on top of the robot.
        The robot can only move while carrying one container at a time.
        The robot cannot move if the container it is carrying is obstructed by another container.

Cranes:

    Each location is equipped with a crane and each crane is designated as Crane# where # is the number of the location and can operate only within that location.
    Cranes are versatile and capable of performing the following operations:
        Moving a container from the ground to the top of another container within the same location.
        Loading a container onto the robot or unloading a container from the robot. Container could be everywhere but has to be clear
        Placing a container on the ground in the same location, so cannot place a container in a different location (e.g crane 1 is located
        in location1 so can only operate in location1 not in other).
    A crane can only manipulate a container if the container is clear, meaning there is nothing on top of it.
    A crane is not a resource.
    When executing an action the crane is busy so it could not execute any other action till the finish of the action.


Goal:

    By the end of the operation:
        Container c2 must be relocated to the top of c3.
        Container c4 must be relocated to the top of c1.
        Container c1 must remain in its original position in Location1.
        Container c3 must remain in its original position in Location3.
        Container c5 must remain in its original position in Location5.

This setup requires a sequence of coordinated actions involving the robot and the cranes to achieve the desired arrangement of containers.